README.md, before:

crp_dc
========
Transforms legacy CSV metadata into Dublin Core XML, and extracting technical metadata of digitised files supplied by vendors for the California Revealed Project.

## crp.py

### about

`crp.py` transforms a very specifically formatted CSV file into Dublin Core XML,  while also extracting technical metadata of digitised files supplied by vendors for the California Revealed Project. 

### dependencies
`pbcorethat` requires:
- `exiftool`
- `lxml`
- `python`
- `pip`

### installation
Most likely `python` is already installed on OSX. The easiest way to install the scripts is via the python package manager `pip`.

In order to install `pip` on OSX, enter `sudo easy_install pip` in the terminal.

You may have to install `exiftool` as this is used to extract technical metadata.

If using homebrew this can be installed with:

`brew install exiftool`

Finally, you can install the script by entering

`pip install crp_dc`

This will also install the `lxml` python XML processing library.

### usage
The script takes two arguments:

`-csv` - the full path to the CSV containing descriptive metadata.

`-i` - the full path to the folder containing the folders of digitised files.

An example command, that assumes that the folder (called `LTO_SHIPMENT`) that you'd like to process is on a drive called `CAVPP-05`, and your CSV file is located in `Downloads` and it is called `millstreet_2018.csv`:

`crp.py -i /Volumes/CAVPP-05/LTO_SHIPMENT -csv /Users/kieran/Downloads/millstreet_2018.csv`

Commit message:

allows CSV to be placed in input directory

README.md, after:

crp_dc
========
Transforms legacy CSV metadata into Dublin Core XML, and extracting technical metadata of digitised files supplied by vendors for the California Revealed Project.

## crp.py

### about

`crp.py` transforms a very specifically formatted CSV file into Dublin Core XML, while also extracting technical metadata of digitised files supplied by vendors for the California Revealed Project.

### dependencies
`crp.py` requires:
- `exiftool`
- `lxml`
- `python`
- `pip`

### installation
Most likely `python` is already installed on OSX. The easiest way to install the scripts is via the python package manager `pip`.

In order to install `pip` on OSX, enter `sudo easy_install pip` in the terminal.

You may have to install `exiftool` as this is used to extract technical metadata.

If using homebrew this can be installed with:

`brew install exiftool`

Finally, you can install the script by entering

`pip install crp_dc`

This will also install the `lxml` python XML processing library.

### usage
The script takes two arguments:

`-csv` - [OPTIONAL] the full path to the CSV containing descriptive metadata.

`-i` - the full path to the folder containing the folders of digitised files.

However, if the CSV file is located in the same folder as your input folder (as declared with `-i`), then the script will use that CSV and the `-csv` option is not required.

An example command, that assumes that the folder (called `LTO_SHIPMENT`) that you'd like to process is on a drive called `CAVPP-05`, and your CSV file is located in `Downloads` and it is called `millstreet_2018.csv`:

`crp.py -i /Volumes/CAVPP-05/LTO_SHIPMENT -csv /Users/kieran/Downloads/millstreet_2018.csv`

If the CSV file is located in '/Volumes/CAVPP-05/LTO_SHIPMENT', then the command would just be:

`crp.py -i /Volumes/CAVPP-05/LTO_SHIPMENT`
